Readme.md, before:

# Connect Redis

connect-redis-crypto (fork of connect-redis) is a Redis session store backed by [node_redis](http://github.com/mranney/node_redis), and is insanely fast :). Requires redis >= `2.0.0` for the _SETEX_ command.

## Installation

    $ npm install connect-redis

### A note for Express 3.x users

In order to use the latest `connect-redis` you also have to use [`express-session`](https://github.com/expressjs/session) instead of the default connect `session` middleware.

    $ npm install express-session

Then follow the usage instructions below.

## Options

  A Redis client is required.  An existing client can be passed directly using the `client` param or created for you using the `host`, `port`, or `socket` params.
  - `client` An existing client
  - `host` Redis server hostname
  - `port` Redis server portno
  - `socket` Redis server unix_socket

The following additional params may be included:

  - `ttl` Redis session TTL (expiration) in seconds
  - `disableTTL` disables setting TTL, keys will stay in redis until evicted by other means (overides `ttl`)
  - `db` Database index to use
  - `pass` Password for Redis authentication
  - `prefix` Key prefix defaulting to "sess:"
  - `url` String that contains connection information in a single url (redis://user:pass@host:port/db)
  - `secret` If specifies enables encryption for session data
  - ...    Remaining options passed to the redis `createClient()` method.
  - `unref` Set `true` to unref the Redis client. **Warning**: this is [an experimental feature](https://github.com/mranney/node_redis#clientunref).

Any options not included in this list will be passed to the redis `createClient()` method directly.

## Usage

Pass the `express-session` store into `connect-redis` to create a `RedisStore` constructor.

    var session = require('express-session');
    var RedisStore = require('connect-redis')(session);

    app.use(session({
        store: new RedisStore(options),
        secret: 'keyboard cat'
    }));

## Custom Redis clients

Clients other than `node_redis` will work if they support the same interface.  Just pass the client instance as the `client` configuration option.  Known supported clients include:

  * [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) - adds support for Redis Sentinel and Cluster

## FAQ

#### Can I use a URL scheme to make a connection?

Since `node_redis` which this library wraps does not include the ability to create a client from a URL.  Neither does this library.  However, there's a [separate module](https://github.com/ddollar/redis-url) that can be used in conjunction to get this behavior.

#### How do I handle lost connections to Redis?

By default, the `node_redis` client will [auto-reconnect](https://github.com/mranney/node_redis#overloading) when a connection is lost.  But requests may come in during that time. In express, one way this scenario can be handled is including a "session check" after setting up a session (checking for the existence of `req.session`):

```js
app.use(session( /* setup session here */ ))
app.use(function (req, res, next) {
  if (!req.session) {
    return next(new Error('oh no')) // handle error
  }
  next() // otherwise continue
})
```

If you want to retry, here is [another option](https://github.com/expressjs/session/issues/99#issuecomment-63853989).

# License

  MIT

Commit message:

adding readme info regaurding the changes I made to this gem

Readme.md, after:

# Connect Redis

connect-redis-crypto (fork of connect-redis) is a Redis session store backed by [node_redis](http://github.com/mranney/node_redis), and is insanely fast :). Requires redis >= `2.0.0` for the _SETEX_ command.

## Note from Nathaniel
  I forked from https://github.com/jas-/connect-redis-crypto to have our redis session data encrypted. It had issues
  because it overwrote some constants that made the module incompatible with other modules we had in Digit. I fixed
  that issue and updated various portions of the encrypt and decrypt methods to use streams instead of using the legacy
  update and digest methods that were causing us issues.

## Installation

    $ npm install connect-redis

### A note for Express 3.x users

In order to use the latest `connect-redis` you also have to use [`express-session`](https://github.com/expressjs/session) instead of the default connect `session` middleware.

    $ npm install express-session

Then follow the usage instructions below.

## Options

  A Redis client is required.  An existing client can be passed directly using the `client` param or created for you using the `host`, `port`, or `socket` params.
  - `client` An existing client
  - `host` Redis server hostname
  - `port` Redis server portno
  - `socket` Redis server unix_socket

The following additional params may be included:

  - `ttl` Redis session TTL (expiration) in seconds
  - `disableTTL` disables setting TTL, keys will stay in redis until evicted by other means (overides `ttl`)
  - `db` Database index to use
  - `pass` Password for Redis authentication
  - `prefix` Key prefix defaulting to "sess:"
  - `url` String that contains connection information in a single url (redis://user:pass@host:port/db)
  - `secret` If specifies enables encryption for session data
  - ...    Remaining options passed to the redis `createClient()` method.
  - `unref` Set `true` to unref the Redis client. **Warning**: this is [an experimental feature](https://github.com/mranney/node_redis#clientunref).

Any options not included in this list will be passed to the redis `createClient()` method directly.

## Usage

Pass the `express-session` store into `connect-redis` to create a `RedisStore` constructor.

    var session = require('express-session');
    var RedisStore = require('connect-redis')(session);

    app.use(session({
        store: new RedisStore(options),
        secret: 'keyboard cat'
    }));

## Custom Redis clients

Clients other than `node_redis` will work if they support the same interface.  Just pass the client instance as the `client` configuration option.  Known supported clients include:

  * [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) - adds support for Redis Sentinel and Cluster

## FAQ

#### Can I use a URL scheme to make a connection?

Since `node_redis` which this library wraps does not include the ability to create a client from a URL.  Neither does this library.  However, there's a [separate module](https://github.com/ddollar/redis-url) that can be used in conjunction to get this behavior.

#### How do I handle lost connections to Redis?

By default, the `node_redis` client will [auto-reconnect](https://github.com/mranney/node_redis#overloading) when a connection is lost.  But requests may come in during that time. In express, one way this scenario can be handled is including a "session check" after setting up a session (checking for the existence of `req.session`):

```js
app.use(session( /* setup session here */ ))
app.use(function (req, res, next) {
  if (!req.session) {
    return next(new Error('oh no')) // handle error
  }
  next() // otherwise continue
})
```

If you want to retry, here is [another option](https://github.com/expressjs/session/issues/99#issuecomment-63853989).

# License

  MIT
